Add glossary entries for ambient (#12805)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/reference/glossary/ambient.md

---

> title: Ambient

Reviewer: Ambient?  Ambient mesh? 

https://istio.slack.com/archives/C041EQL1XMY/p1677541540860899

test: n/a
---

> Ambient refers to a [data plane mode](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane-mode) consisting of a per-node per-namespace component.

Reviewer 2: Is this better?
```suggestion
Ambient refers to a [data plane mode](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane-mode) consisting of a per-node and optionally a per-namespace component.
```

> Ambient refers to a {{< gloss >}}data plane mode{{< /gloss >}} consisting of a per-node per-namespace component.
> Ambient mode is an alternative to a {{< gloss >}}sidecar{{< /gloss >}} based deployment.

Reviewer 2: Glossary entries don't support second level glossary entries, so they need to use links instead.

```suggestion
Ambient refers to a [data plane mode](/docs/reference/glossary/#data-plane-mode) consisting of a per-node per-namespace component.
Ambient mode is an alternative to a [sidecar](/docs/reference/glossary/#sidecar) based deployment.
```
(/docs/reference/glossary/#service)
